Blocks: Support `subcomponents` in `ArgTypes` and `Controls`, remove `ArgsTable` block (#25614)
storybookjs/storybook: MIGRATION.md

api.expandAll(); // becomes api.emit(STORIES_EXPAND_ALL)
```

#### `ArgsTable` Doc block removed

The `ArgsTable` doc block have now been removed in favor of `ArgTypes` and `Controls`. [More info](#argstable-block).

> With this removal we've reintroduced `subcomponents` support to `ArgTypes`, `Controls` and in autodocs by popular demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this removal we've reintroduced `subcomponents` support to `ArgTypes`, `Controls`, and autodocs. We've also undeprecated `subcomponents`, by popular demand.
```
